Stock Visualization Demo (#585)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/demos/stock-visualization.md

In the realm of financial markets, data is king. The ability to quickly and easily visualize 
historical stock data and make predictions is a game-changer for investors and financial 

> analysts. Our Stock Visualization demo, built with Taipy front-end component and powered by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
analysts. Our Stock Visualization demo, built with Taipy and powered by the 
```

[Prophet](https://facebook.github.io/prophet/docs/quick_start.html) library, offers a 
revolutionary approach to achieving this.

# Unlocking the Potential of Stock Visualization

> Traditionally, checking a stock's historical performance involved manual Google searches and 
> tedious data retrieval. With Taipy and the Yahoo Finance library, accessing essential stock data 
> such as opening and closing prices and trading volume, is now a matter of seconds. We've 
> harnessed the power of Taipy's tools to create an interactive, user-friendly stock data 
> dashboard that provides insights at your fingertips.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Traditionally, reviewing a stock's past performance meant doing manual Google searches and dealing 
with time-consuming data gathering. Thanks to Taipy and the Yahoo Finance library, obtaining critical stock 
information like opening and closing prices and trading volume now takes just seconds. We've used the capabilities 
of Taipy's tools to build an interactive and user-friendly dashboard for stock data, 
offering insights readily accessible to you.
```

# Building an Interactive Data Visualization Dashboard

> The core goal of our demo is to demonstrate the ease with which you can create a data 
> visualization dashboard using Taipy. What's groundbreaking is that this fully interactive, 
> highly customized web application can be developed with fewer than 120 lines of Python code, a 
> feat previously unheard of until Taipy's introduction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our demo's primary objective is to illustrate how effortlessly you can build a data visualization dashboard using Taipy. 
What's truly remarkable is that this fully interactive and highly tailored web application 
can be created with fewer than 120 lines of Python code, a feat that was previously unheard 
of before Taipy's introduction.
```

# Harnessing Prophet for Predictions

> Predicting stock trends is a crucial aspect of financial analysis. In our demo, we utilize 
> Meta's Prophet library to provide predictions for stocks over the next 1 to 5 years. This 
> predictive capability empowers users to make well-informed decisions with the help of Taipy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Forecasting stock trends is a vital part of financial analysis. In our demo, we make use of Meta's Prophet library 
to offer stock predictions for the upcoming 1 to 5 years. This predictive feature empowers users to make 
informed choices with the assistance of Taipy.
```

# Conclusion

> Our Stock Visualization demo showcases the power of Taipy GUI and Prophet in simplifying data 
> visualization for financial insights. Whether you're an investor looking for historical data or 
> an analyst predicting future trends, our dashboard offers a user-friendly platform to enhance 
> your decision-making process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Stock Visualization demo highlights the capability of Taipy GUI and Prophet in streamlining 
data visualization for financial insights. Whether you're an investor seeking historical data 
or an analyst predicting future trends, our dashboard provides a user-friendly platform to improve your 
decision-making process.
```

> You can explore the application, add new tickers to the list, and unlock the potential of Taipy 
> in transforming financial data into actionable insights.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Feel free to explore the application, include new stock tickers in the list, and discover how Taipy 
can convert financial data into actionable insights.
```
